feature(docs): frontend detailed architecture (#2)
xoscar/image-store: frontend/entities/Pages.md

# Pages

> The Pages are different from the Components as they first follow the Next.js Page standard, which specifying the way that need to be named and written.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Pages are different from the Components as they first follow the Next.js Page standard, which specifies the way they need to be named and written.
```

## How to

> As we are going to be followin a container-component pattern, Pages main functionality is to gather information from the request (query params, path params, etc), instantiate the used providers and render the main component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we are going to be following a container-component pattern, the Pages' main functionality is to gather information from the request (query params, path params, etc.), instantiate the used providers and render the main component.
```
